-MPG Regression-
A multiple linear regression analysis was created in order to determine which car variables greatly influence the miles per gallon on the car. 
When looking at the summary of the model, it is concluded that vehicle length and ground clearance are statistically unlikely to provide random amounts of variance to the model.
Therefore, vehicle length and ground clearance have the greatest impact on miles per gallon in this model.
Since the p-value of our model is 2.27e-11, there is evidence to reject the null hypothesis and therefore conclude that the slope of our model is not zero.
Even though the argument of overfitting can be presented in this model, due to an r squared value of 0.7, I believe this model can effectively predict the mpg of MechaCar prototypes.

-Suspension Coil Summary-
The mean coil pounds per square inch is 1500psi when viewing the results in the summary table. 
There is also a variance of 76 and standard deviation of 9.
Since the variance does not exceed 100psi, the current manufacturing data meets design specifications.

-Suspension Coil t-test-
When performing a one sample t-test on a sample of 100 cars to determine the statistical difference between means, a p value of 0.48 was obtained.
Therefore, it is determined that the two PSI means are statistically similar.

-Designed Study-
In my statistical study I would like to compare the mpg between MechaCar and its main competitor which we will call Competitor A.
As a consumer I am interested in having the most efficient mileage per gallon of fuel in order to spend less money on fuel.
The question behind this study asks, Does MechaCar have more fuel efficient vehicles compared to Competitor A? 
The null hypothesis will state that there is no statistical difference between the mpg mean of MechaCar vehicles versus Competitor A vehicles.
The alternative hypothesis states that there is a statistical difference between the mgp mean of MechaCar vehicles versus Competitor A vehicles.
Since this study consists of 2 different samples, fuel efficiency data from MechaCar and Competitor A, a two sample t-test should be performed to test this hypothesis.
After obtaining fuel efficiency data for MechaCar and Competitor A vehicles, and completing this statistical test, the consumer will be able to conclude if the mean mpg is statistically different between the two companies.



